<h1>Simon Game</h1>
<p>The Simon Game created by using the HTML,CSS and JavaScipt. The game has functionality for generating sequences, handling user clicks, checking answers, and restarting the game. It uses jQuery for DOM manipulation and relies on CSS for visual effects.<br>
The player needs to memorise the pattern of the color button flashed on the screen and repeat the exact same pattern by clicking the correct colored buttons.Sequential Processing, Increase in Attention Span, Improve Short-term Memory are few benefits of Simon Game.</p>

<h2>How to Play</h2>
<p>The start the game press 'A' key on the keyboard. A random button among the four colored button flahes on the screen, the player needs to click the same button. As the level increases the player needs to recreate the correct pattern from the Level 1 till the current level by clicking on right colored button.</p>

<h2>Code Logic Explained</h2>
<p>1. A variable <b><i>start</i></b> is initialise with a value of true.<br>
2. The event listener listens for the 'A' keypress on the keyboard. if 'A' is pressed and <b>start</b> is true, then <b><i>newsequence()</i></b> function is called.<br>
3. The variables <b><i>buttonColors, gamePattern,userClickedPattern</i></b> stoes the possible button colors, pattern generated by the game and pattern clicked by the user respectively.<br>
4. <b><i>newsequence()</i></b> function is called to generate a new sequence in the game. It increments the level, updates the header text, randomly selects a color from buttonColors, adds it to gamePattern, and performs some visual and audio effects.<br>
5. The user clicked events are recorded, when a colored button is clicked and records it in <b><i>userClickedPattern</i></b>.<br>
6. <b><i>checkAnswer()</i></b> function checks if the user's clicked color matches the game's pattern at the corresponding index. If correct, it checks if the user has completed the current level. If so, it waits for a brief moment and then resets the user's clicked pattern and generates a new sequence. If the answer is wrong, it plays a "wrong" sound, adds a class for a brief animation, updates the text, and restarts the game.<br>
7. <b><i>Restart()</i></b> function resets the game variables to restart the game.</p>
